feat: #id 20839 window open works with finsemble (#661)
ChartIQ/finsemble-seed: src/components/portals/README.md

 * was clicked before that happened (small chance, but possible), these functions
 * would fail. We don't want that.
 *
 * Here, we return the finsembleWindow if it exists; otherwise, we wait.
 */
const getFinsembleWindowFromChild = () => {
  if (childWindow.finsembleWindow) return Promise.resolve(childWindow.finsembleWindow);
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
      childWindow.addEventListener("FSBLReady", () => {
          // because this code is gated behind the FSBLReady listener,
          // it won't run when your app is running in a browser without
          // finsemble.
          resolve(childWindow.finsembleWindow);
      });
  })
}

const childFinsembleWindow = await getFinsembleWindowFromChild();

```

### Focusing a child window

Focusing a child window is simple, provided you've followed the steps above.

```javascript
childFinsembleWindow.focus();
```

### Retrieving the bounds of a child window

Retrieving the bounds of a child window can be done in a couple of ways.

In the browser, you can access `childWindow.screenX` and `childWindow.screenY` (NOTE: These are childWindows, not childFinsembleWindows).

> Because of a bug in Electron, these values are off due to scaling issues. Instead, you should use the `finsembleWindow`.

Reviewer: i) I assume this won't be merged, so this isn't a big deal, but...
a) when we say a bug exists, we should link to it
b) I don't think window.screenX and window.screenY have a bug in chromium or electron.  The windows operating system handles scaling with a scaling factor, and that can lead to unexpected values.  Please let me know if I'm wrong here.

Author: Changed wording.

> Because of a bug in Electron, these values are off due to scaling issues. Instead, you should use the `finsembleWindow`.

Author: ```suggestion
Because of a problem rationalizing scaled values, screenX and screenY will not line up with finsemble's internal bounds. Instead, you should use the `finsembleWindow`.
```
